Adapted client remove all conrents message according to Queuing POC (#738)
ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli: SPRINTLOG.md

# 2025-02-17 – 2025-02-28

- Remove executable for Ubuntu 20.04 and add one for Ubuntu 22.04 ([#733](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/733)).

# 2025-03-17 – 2025-02-28

> - Adapted client message when removing all contents according to Queuing POC ([#738](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/738)).

Reviewer: To make it more understandable for the users
```suggestion
- Inform users that data deletion has started when `dds data rm` is run ([#738](https://github.com/ScilifelabDataCentre/dds_cli/pull/738)).
```
